After setting up our development environment and
installing all the necessary project dependencies,
we will cover how to set up routes,
they handle passing data through your app with HTTP post requests.
The two requests that will cover most are GET and POST,
which are two of the most popular HTTP post requests,
and will go well with our async application.
We will also use this opportunity to shed light on what
is often one of the more confusing development topics.
The difference in relationship between client-side code and server-side code.
We'll go through what each of these means and how to write
them in harmony with one another to create
a complete app that passes data back and forth
between a server endpoint and the UI of your application.